__.__silence__....__Silence__... ||| cast:Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.,Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty,Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.,Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.,Amy Adams as Brenda Strong;critical_response: This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one,the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York, Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-
E.hi there, nhow are you? _________________ ||| cast:Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.,Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty,Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.,Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.,Amy Adams as Brenda Strong;critical_response: This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one,the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York, Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-
-a.good, thanks! you? i am good thank you for asking. ||| cast:Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.,Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty,Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.,Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.,Amy Adams as Brenda Strong;critical_response: This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one,the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York, Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-
- Advertisement - ||| cast:Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.,Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty,Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.,Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.,Amy Adams as Brenda Strong;critical_response: This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one,the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York, Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-
was it good.i have seen it one time, back in 2002. was it good? ||| cast:Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.,Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty,Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.,Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.,Amy Adams as Brenda Strong;critical_response: This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one,the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York, Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-
b.leo dicaprio is excellent! it's very entertaining and he plays a con artist that sucessfully performed a great number of scams. it seems to have a well known cast as well. ||| In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula. When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at Chase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced to move from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack, a friend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class. Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, he begins relying on confidence scams to get by. Soon,
was a good film.yes, tom hanks and amy adams steven spielberg did a good job as a director. yes, but the film ended poorly, "like a winded tortoise" ||| In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula. When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at Chase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced to move from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack, a friend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class. Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, he begins relying on confidence scams to get by. Soon,
wasn't a bad movie.still, it's pretty entertaining. any movie with tom hanks is a good one! ||| In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula. When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at Chase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced to move from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack, a friend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class. Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, he begins relying on confidence scams to get by. Soon,
- i like how his ego grows bigger and bigger and he just can't stop and embarks on even greater scam the next time around, he ends up stealing over $ 2.8 million! that's true, tom hanks can transform any film, even a bad one! and steven speilburg is a wonderful director! ||| The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carl informs him that his father has died. Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane and goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one of the checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by which he can live
b.it';s a fairly old film but the subject is timeless so if you decide to see it you won't regret it! it's not a deep movie by any means-more of a light historical comedy/entertainment, but something for easy watching! i do enjoy a good comedy, and the actors christopher walken, martin sheen are great as well they would enhance the movie. ||| The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carl informs him that his father has died. Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane and goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one of the checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by which he can live
says, this film is definitely a power house when it comes to cast of actors! based on a true story too. yes it is the fbi offers him a deal to reduce his sentence by helping them. ||| The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carl informs him that his father has died. Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane and goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one of the checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by which he can live
_R.i'm not sure how long this guy went away to jail for, it would be interesting to find out. he was sentenced to 12 years. ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
btw.wow, only 12! in today's society they would probably lock him up in a mental institution due to multiple personality disorder and he would get away all together:-) it has a good ending he gets married has 3 sons and stays friends with the fbi agent. ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
... and finds out he has a half sister from his mother.wow, he actually turns his life around, that's good! !!! he gets a job, he gets married, gets a new job, and... ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
...and he also created the unforgeable check... ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
_E-Mail This ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
i wonder if pan am went out of business due to him forging their payroll checks and stealing 2.not bad at all! i wonder what happened to him. ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
btw.yes, that seems like a significant amount to put a company out of business! i think we are allowed to end task now? it looks we finished the task according to the instructions. thanks so much for chatting with me and have a good day! ok have a great day,. ||| The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
__.__silence__....__Silence__... ||| cast:Ryan Gosling as Noah Calhoun,Rachel McAdams as Allison "Allie" Hamilton,Joan Allen as Anne Hamilton,James Marsden as Lon Hammond, Jr.;critical_response:striking in its rich, saturated effects' and 'actors are blessed by good material.,Gosling and especially McAdams give all-star performances, doing just enough to hand the reins over to the pros, who take what's left of the film and finish the audience off with some touching scenes that don't leave a dry eye in the house.,the scenes between the young lovers confronting adult authority have the same se
't.hi there. Â ||| cast:Ryan Gosling as Noah Calhoun,Rachel McAdams as Allison "Allie" Hamilton,Joan Allen as Anne Hamilton,James Marsden as Lon Hammond, Jr.;critical_response:striking in its rich, saturated effects' and 'actors are blessed by good material.,Gosling and especially McAdams give all-star performances, doing just enough to hand the reins over to the pros, who take what's left of the film and finish the audience off with some touching scenes that don't leave a dry eye in the house.,the scenes between the young lovers confronting adult authority have the same se
Sigh.the notebook is hands-down one of my favorite movies ever! i think mind is trading places. ||| cast:Ryan Gosling as Noah Calhoun,Rachel McAdams as Allison "Allie" Hamilton,Joan Allen as Anne Hamilton,James Marsden as Lon Hammond, Jr.;critical_response:striking in its rich, saturated effects' and 'actors are blessed by good material.,Gosling and especially McAdams give all-star performances, doing just enough to hand the reins over to the pros, who take what's left of the film and finish the audience off with some touching scenes that don't leave a dry eye in the house.,the scenes between the young lovers confronting adult authority have the same se
i have never seen this movie.have you ever seen the notebook? ive never seen it. i am going tod try it out now. ||| cast:Ryan Gosling as Noah Calhoun,Rachel McAdams as Allison "Allie" Hamilton,Joan Allen as Anne Hamilton,James Marsden as Lon Hammond, Jr.;critical_response:striking in its rich, saturated effects' and 'actors are blessed by good material.,Gosling and especially McAdams give all-star performances, doing just enough to hand the reins over to the pros, who take what's left of the film and finish the audience off with some touching scenes that don't leave a dry eye in the house.,the scenes between the young lovers confronting adult authority have the same se
.it was a heartwarming story of young love. the main characters are played by ryan gosling and rachel mcadams. ok this sounds nice. i think ryan is a good actor. ||| cast:Ryan Gosling as Noah Calhoun,Rachel McAdams as Allison "Allie" Hamilton,Joan Allen as Anne Hamilton,James Marsden as Lon Hammond, Jr.;critical_response:striking in its rich, saturated effects' and 'actors are blessed by good material.,Gosling and especially McAdams give all-star performances, doing just enough to hand the reins over to the pros, who take what's left of the film and finish the audience off with some touching scenes that don't leave a dry eye in the house.,the scenes between the young lovers confronting adult authority have the same se
.for all the praise it received, i was surprised to see that it only got a 5.7/10 on rotten tomatoes. they never get the rating correct. that is interesting. ive never seen that before. ||| In 1940, Seabrook Island, South Carolina, Noah Calhoun is smitten with 17 year old heiress Allison 'Allie' Hamilton after seeing her at a carnival, and they have a summer love affair. Noah takes Allie to an abandoned house that he intends to buy for them. They try to make love, but are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin with the news that Allie's parents have the police looking for her. When Allie and Noah return to her parents' mansion, Allie's mother Anne calls Noah trash and they ban her from seeing Noah. Noah walks out and Allie
. the story goes back and forth between present day and the past. yeah, rotten tomatoes never gets the right ratings..lol i always like to see the ratings but if i want to see a movie, i will watch it even if it has a bad rating. i think i am the same way and i will still watch it no matter what.ryan is a great actor, as well as rachel mcadams. older ryan is played by james garner and older rachel. it is a very good movie and i think it is very well done. there is a lot ||| In 1940, Seabrook Island, South Carolina, Noah Calhoun is smitten with 17 year old heiress Allison 'Allie' Hamilton after seeing her at a carnival, and they have a summer love affair. Noah takes Allie to an abandoned house that he intends to buy for them. They try to make love, but are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin with the news that Allie's parents have the police looking for her. When Allie and Noah return to her parents' mansion, Allie's mother Anne calls Noah trash and they ban her from seeing Noah. Noah walks out and Allie
- R.one of the best scenes in the movie (without spoiling anything) is a big fight that ryan and rachel have one night when her parents couldn't find her and they have the police search for them. ok what happen. ||| Noah writes to Allie every day for a year but Anne intercepts the letters and they never reach Allie. Noah enlists with Fin to fight in World War II, where Fin is killed in battle. Allie volunteers in a hospital for wounded soldiers, where she meets officer Lon Hammond Jr., a young lawyer who comes from old Southern money. The two become engaged, to the delight of Allie's parents. When Noah returns from the war, his father has sold their home so that Noah can buy the abandoned house. While visiting Charleston, Noah witnesses Allie and Lon kissing at a restaurant; he convinces
__.__silence__....__Silence__... ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
.hello, how are you doing? hi! i'm doing well, thanks! so, what did you think of the blind side? ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
i.i love sports documentaries, so i favored this movie. it was quite good. i'm not surprised it got such good reviews on cinemascore. it was very good. how about you? ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
btw.same here. it is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like metacritic. i take it you like sports docs too? ive never seen it before. yes, very much. it's surprising how much adversity oher had to overcome, don't you think? ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
b.yeah, it must've been really difficult on him. i wonder how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie. i don't know how i would handle it. did you like sandra bullock in the movie? i thought she was great in it? yeah, bullock was great. although, she's a great actor so i think she does well in most of her roles. ||| Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the
totally agree. i thought quinton aaron was very good, too. it must have been tough to go through foster care so much, but i think it's good that oher found something to latch on to in football. easy to see why the critics applauded her performance any thoughts on any of the other actors? i had forgotten tim mcgraw was in the movie, haha. ive never heard of him (and i thought it was very well done, too). i'm glad you liked it. ||| Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the
shannon: yeah, definitely. it's super difficult to find a good family that cares about their foster kids. he was also very lucky to have a good foster family.yeah, he certainly excelled in it. i think he was able to apply his protective qualities in his personality to football. i think it was a good thing. he's definitely. ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
- what do you think of the idea of "protective instincts" and how it influenced oher's behavior? i would imagine that it's hard. i feel like that's why it was such agood movie. nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their own. i think that's what it was like for him.yeah, i think it was. ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
b. it's ironic, though, that he has such strong protective instincts when he was abandoned by his mother. it definitely translated well into his efforts in football. do you think that helped his family as well? i'm sure it did.i remember he ranked very high when it came to his career test. i'm not sure if that was a good thing, but i'm pretty sure it was. i think it was good for him too. i remember he was very proud of himself for it too.Do you think he was overcompensating? how did you feel about the scene where collins adop ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
, how did you feel about the scene where collins adopts oher?.as for being overcompensating, that he was not. i think that was built naturally in him, where he was just trying to do it. ive never seen that before. ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
i think that was probably a tough choice for the family to make as a whole.i think leighanne's friends were concerned that collins would not be safe around him. do you think going to ole miss was a good decision? ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
was it because he, probably not because she was a drug addict. i think he was referring to his adopted family. do you think that he meant his mother at all in that choice? i don’t think so.yeah in the long run, he felt like he had family there. but in the end, he was probably not. i don't think it was because of his mother.i don't know. i'm not sure.how did he feel about that.how about you.how.however.how was that decision made.how?i dunno.how do. how ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
btw, i think that was what grew his protective instincts even more. he was worried what might happen to his adoptive family when leigh anne and collins were threatened by the gang leader. do you think he made the right decision to fight back? yes, yeah, definitely, you have to protect yourself! ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
i think he felt more of a connection with his adoptive family than with his own! definitely, and who wouldn't. i don't understand why people are so connected to their blood relatives if they weren't around to be part of their family. ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
__.__silence__....__Silence__... ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
.hello have you seen the blind side. ive seen it. hi! yes i have. i loved it. what did you think of it? yes i did. i thought it was great. i love it. i think it's great.hello! hi! ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
.i really liked it however it has been awhile for me as well. i agree. i was a great, touching story. i like inspirational movies like this one. i am a big fan of tim mcgraw, so i liked that he was in it as well, it was a good story. ive seen it before, but i think it was good. i thought it was very well done. i have to say that it was great. i really liked this movie. i'm sure you will too. i think that it's a great movie, it's good story. ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
btw.yeah same i liked the guy who played big mike. yeah quinton aaron is a great actor, and i think he played the character well. ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
i was surprised it only got moderately positive vies and only a score of 6.1 on rotten tomatoes me either. I didn't know that.i hadn't heard of him before that. ||| Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the
i guess i didn't remember that he had been in foster care. it must have been so tough for big mike before he came to the tuohy family. ||| Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the
B.but that makes sense yeah definitely. yeah it is so sad that kids have to go through that. ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
i agree.seemed like an unlikely match at first. totally unlikely, but it changed all of their lives. ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
_r.yep. it is sad that other people judged him so much without really giving him a chance. ||| Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and
i agree. leigh anne was such a strong women. i loved her character. ive never seen anything like it before. ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
btw.unfortunately not too shocking because it's tennessee. yeah that is very true. i am glad big mike ended up where he did. ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
i remember.oh yeah i remember when he went to find his biological mom but yeah and i remember almost crying when he said he wanted to go to ole miss because thats where his family goes. i remember that too. it was very emotional. ||| Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
he truly deserves his nfl fame! __silence__. ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
vs.hi! what did you think of this movie? hi i liked this movie how about you? ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
i really liked it. i like movies that's my favorite kind of movie. That's why i liked it a lot. i think it was good. i'm glad you liked it, too. I think it's great.i really good. ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
. i like sandra bullock and the others as well.i also really liked the actors and actresses they chose for the characters. good choices. yes. !!! yes. ||| cast:Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher,Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy,Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy,Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.,Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy;critical_response:The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.,It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.;director:John Lee Hancock;genre:Biographical, Sports, Drama;introdu
.i'm a little surprised at the rating. i wouldn't typically watch a movie with a low rating like that from rotten tomatoes. i like to go by word of mouth. i rarely pay attention to critics. i don't think it's a bad movie. i'm not sure why. i'd like to see it. ||| Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the
that's probably smart. __silence__. __________. __ ||| cast:Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan,Morgan Freeman as God,Jennifer Aniston as Grace Connelly,Lisa Ann Walter as Debbie Connelly,Philip Baker Hall as Jack Baylor;critical_response:Carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes, but Bruce Almighty gets bogged down in treacle,In one of Jim Carrey's best films he plays Bruce Nolan, a news reporter that nurses hopes of one day becoming an anchor, but is seen as too comedic by his fellow workers. Kind of like Carrey probably nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor.;director:Tom Shadyac;genre
btw, i haven't seen this one either, but i have heard that it is pretty funny.hi there! i don't know if you've ever seen it either. I think it's pretty good. I'm pretty sure it's a good one. I love jim carrey. ||| cast:Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan,Morgan Freeman as God,Jennifer Aniston as Grace Connelly,Lisa Ann Walter as Debbie Connelly,Philip Baker Hall as Jack Baylor;critical_response:Carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes, but Bruce Almighty gets bogged down in treacle,In one of Jim Carrey's best films he plays Bruce Nolan, a news reporter that nurses hopes of one day becoming an anchor, but is seen as too comedic by his fellow workers. Kind of like Carrey probably nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor.;director:Tom Shadyac;genre
it's a pretty great idea. i think i might have to check this one out. i really do like morgan freeman, most of his movies are good. i'm sure it's not one of the greatest movies ever made, but he is really funny and so is morning freeman. it's a really good movie.it's pretty good. it is a pretty good idea. jennifer aniston annoys me a little though, i gotta say. i think it's really good.i'm not sure if i'm going to watch it. ||| cast:Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan,Morgan Freeman as God,Jennifer Aniston as Grace Connelly,Lisa Ann Walter as Debbie Connelly,Philip Baker Hall as Jack Baylor;critical_response:Carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes, but Bruce Almighty gets bogged down in treacle,In one of Jim Carrey's best films he plays Bruce Nolan, a news reporter that nurses hopes of one day becoming an anchor, but is seen as too comedic by his fellow workers. Kind of like Carrey probably nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor.;director:Tom Shadyac;genre
- i don't know why, but she has annoyed me through the years too. i can't quite put my finger on what it is, i just don't really like her very much. it has been out for a while, though. maybe it's on netflix.i look at rotten tomatoes a lot for movie ratings though, and 48% is pretty low. i think it's because it's not on youtube. yes, it's out for quite some time. it's a good movie. i'm not sure where else to find it. __________________ ||| cast:Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan,Morgan Freeman as God,Jennifer Aniston as Grace Connelly,Lisa Ann Walter as Debbie Connelly,Philip Baker Hall as Jack Baylor;critical_response:Carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes, but Bruce Almighty gets bogged down in treacle,In one of Jim Carrey's best films he plays Bruce Nolan, a news reporter that nurses hopes of one day becoming an anchor, but is seen as too comedic by his fellow workers. Kind of like Carrey probably nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor.;director:Tom Shadyac;genre
, i think my favorite movie genre is science fiction, but i do like a good comedy, or a good drama. if it's a good movie, i really don't care what genre it is.do you like comedies like this, or are you more into dramas? __________________ ||| Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey) is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, but desires to be the news anchorman. He is in a relationship with his girlfriend Grace Connelly (Jennifer Aniston), but also has a mild crush on his co-worker, Susan Ortega (Catherine Bell), who barely seems to notice him. Bruce, however, suffers from constant bad luck and reaches breaking point when he is passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter (Steve Carell), who then steals dialogue from an unaired segment by Bruce while accepting the
that's true. when looking at movie reviews, i put more faith in actual regular people that go see the movie then i do official critics. the first review under the "critical response" section is pretty harsh. that's not true. i'm not sure i really ever read or care about movies, just the ratings % online. because i don't really care about movie reviews at all. that is true. that, and i'm sure it's just my opinion. ||| Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey) is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, but desires to be the news anchorman. He is in a relationship with his girlfriend Grace Connelly (Jennifer Aniston), but also has a mild crush on his co-worker, Susan Ortega (Catherine Bell), who barely seems to notice him. Bruce, however, suffers from constant bad luck and reaches breaking point when he is passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter (Steve Carell), who then steals dialogue from an unaired segment by Bruce while accepting the
b. looking at the key scenes, i feel like the plot might have been a little paint-by-numbers and relying on jim carrey's personality too much, which is probably why it wasn't better recieved.true. sorry, this is supposed to say that i did get that impression. yes, i can i didn't. ive seen it. _________________ ||| Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey) is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, but desires to be the news anchorman. He is in a relationship with his girlfriend Grace Connelly (Jennifer Aniston), but also has a mild crush on his co-worker, Susan Ortega (Catherine Bell), who barely seems to notice him. Bruce, however, suffers from constant bad luck and reaches breaking point when he is passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter (Steve Carell), who then steals dialogue from an unaired segment by Bruce while accepting the
